Mon May 28 20:34:26 CEST 2007

Thu May 24 16:09:49 CEST 2007

Enquiries are added to the enquiries_log.csv before they have been validated.
Perhaps move the Enquiries module to use the new itool's tracker framework

Fix the destinations portal navigation so that:

Left menu contains the 5 continents
Central menu has the Sub-Continents, which drills down to the Country, which
inturn returns any folders/topics/documents that have been added.

Use the countries_full.csv to build the initial skeleton for the navigation.

see http://destinationsguide.info

Wed May  9 12:05:53 CEST 2007

Companies Directory view - when a user clicks on the breadcrumbs' companies
link, it should display a list of all the companies as a list with batch.

Perhaps the same view as companies/;browse_content?mode=list but modify the
style so that it is the same as the search interface.




Tue Apr 24 15:01:18 CEST 2007

Fix the issue in regards to imported users as their acounts are not activated.

Currently on the itools.cms this process simply regenerates the key and sends a
new validation email. The problem that the forms are not very intuative and
should give the user the option to re-register automatically.

Also, changing my email address and allowing another user to register with the
old email address produces a Warning, advising that there already is a user with
that email.

The ACL for Companies and Addresses is now somewhat flakey, in that no
consideration has been taken to deal with the fact that for example a user can
join a company and modify, view its enquiries and then join out -- if we are to
follow the initial requirement. With this in mind, we need to consider a much
stricter Company joining scheme in that only a 'Manager' can allow users to
join. By 'Manager' I mean the user who has been elected to manage the
Company/Address details.

If we have a company with 2 addresses for example and they both have 'Managers'
then both users can edit the Company details.

They can also allow other Members to become Managers.

There are three issues in the existing system as far as I can see:

1) After the importation of the addresses, we do not know who the 'Manager' is.
2) The email address we have in same cases is just the general email.
for example, sales@abakuc.com
3) We have some companies and addresses without any emails.

A Company/Branch manager is the first user who registers/logs into the
Company/Branch this will sort most of the issues in that once a user succesfully
registers and 'attaches' themselves to a Company/Branch then they will be able
to add other Members to their Branch.

Enquiries Spams
---------------

Currently I get some spam on the existing uktravellist.info application. We will
need to fix this either by implementing the 'captcha' on the Enquiry Form or
better still verify the User's email thus giving them an account on the
application from which they can for now only manage enquiries.

The Enquiry Form thus becomes also a Registration Form, in that the Name and
Email will be used to create the account and then once it has been validated the
enquiry is written into the database.

On the user's profile page, we will have a link to the Enquiries made, with the
status i.e. whether it has been processed etc...

If a user does not login and they try to post an enquiry with an email that is
already in the system and has been validated then we should be able to process
the request without the user having to login.

Enquiries that have no valid email address should be removed after a set period.

16-04-2007

Following my email, here are some supporting notes.

1) Added countries_new.csv file to the data/csv/ directory, this now includes
the Regions and Counties for the UK.

The UK Travel List should only have UK addresses, so the address select box
should only list the UK Region and County. I would like to pull this data from
this file rather than generate it from the abakuc_companies_import.csv file.

2) Fix the Registration process for users when there is no company and no
address, i.e. the ability for users to create new company and address.

3) Add the Company Name to the Address view.

4) Add the Company Name to the Enquiry Form as is in the existing
http://travellist.info site.

5) Move the enquiries.csv file to the Company rather than the address, hopefully
this will reduce the number of csv files.

6) ENHANCEMENT - if possible, I would like to validate the Enquirer's email
before the Enquiry is processed. So that a user will submit the Enquiry, on
submit, a message should say, "Please check your email and follow the
instructions within the email in order for your Enquiry to be processed."

Once the email is validated, only then should the Enquiry be added to the csv
file.

---------------------------------

06-04-2007

1) Need to look at the import of users in that only unique emails should be
imported as users. Now we have many duplicates, this might cause a problem in
that two different branches will have one email address.

2) Add the Company Name to the Address view

3) Fix the Change Company, Address forms on the User's Profile page.

4) Add the ;view views to the Company and companies.

5) Fix the ACL so that it is based on each user's Business Function.


-------------------

1) Import of abakuc_import_companies.csv

The abakuc_import_companies.csv is the entire http://uktravellist.info database
with each Company full postal address and related to the actual topic.

It consists of the following fields:

"topic_id";"topic_name";"region";"county";"post_town";"company_name";"address";"telephone";"fax_number";"email";"url";"licences";"logo URL"

Please note:

a) address - currently the address filed is all in one field - if possible, I
would like to strip out the Post Code field out and remove the Region. For
example

The first record in the csv has an address filed, as:

Beauport House
L'Avenue de la Commune
St. Peter
Jersey
JE3 7BY
Channel Islands


where the last 3 rows are:

post_town
post_code
county

this is true for most addresse, where there are exceptions, I would manually
change them when the addresses have been loaded.

b) email - as the email is used to generate the ownership of the company, in
cases where there is no email, please make the enquiries@uktravellist.info the
owner of these. Or maybe there is a better way, as I am not sure a user can
belong to more then one company? If not then perhaps we can leave these without
users and the first user who attaches themselves to the company will become the
'owner' of it.

c) the structural navigation of the site:

topic_name
+region
++county
+++post_town


